Disable unmanaged topics reconciliation (#10481)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.44.0

* Add the "Unmanaged" KafkaTopic status update.

### Changes, deprecations and removals

> * When finalizers are enabled (default), if they are removed from unmanaged KafkaTopic resources, the Topic Operator restores them in the next reconciliation.
>   This does not happen for paused KafkaTopic resources, and it's not expected by users, so we disabled that behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* When finalizers are enabled (default), the Topic Operator will no longer restore finalizers on unmanaged `KafkaTopic` resources if they are removed, aligning the behavior with paused topics, where finalizers are also not restored. This change matches user expectations.
```
